I have a way
Ding Yao, why are you here?
I heard about the Netherworld Church
What, you have a plan?
Although Nether Religion is strong
But it can't compare to an artist
Who is it, Swordsman?
What you said is
You can die with Qi Yunjian
Jiulong Palace Swordsman is right
For ten years, Hades entered the room
The Emperor
Only the Kowloon Hall is like the sky and the moon
Sword Lord is the only legend
The Death of Hades
Only the Sword Lord can be broken
Arouse the sword master to take action
Hades is not afraid
But this Sword Master has already returned
There is no news in Jianghu
Where can I find him?
Tell the truth
Although I won the crown of the first beautiful woman at that time
But never talked about marriage
Just looking for the sword master
And I heard about it just two days ago.
Now go to the former king to find him. Where is he?
He is
Yuncheng
Boss Li, you'd better charge an extra two dollars, right?
One dollar each.
You don't have enough capital.
It's okay, I'm not short of money.
Mainly for day and night life
Help others
You are such a nice person.
Hahaha
Boss Li sprinkled a scrambled powder and eggs for me
All right, now.
Don't eat it, don't you understand?
Hello bro
What's going on here?
The shops here pay protection fees
If you don't pay
Why do you look down on my dragon?
Jiang Binyao, the daughter of Beidu Jiang's family, meets Mr. Li